#172101652: Project initial setup (#1)
CodeForAfrica/COMMONS-UI: packages/README.md

Confirm that you're logged in to [npm], by running `npm whoami`. If you're not logged in, run `npm adduser` to login.

If you're publishing a new package, ensure that its `package.json` file contains the correct `publishConfig` settings:

```json
{
	"publishConfig": {
		"access": "public"
	}
}
```

### Development Release

Run the following command to release a dev version of the outdated packages.

```bash
yarn publish:packages
```

Lerna will ask you which version number you want to choose for each package. For a `dev` release, you'll more likely want to choose the `prerelease` option. Repeat the same for all the outdated packages and confirm your version updates.

Lerna will then publish to [npm], commit the `package.json` changes and create the git tags.

### Production Release

To release a production version for the outdated packages, run the following command:

```bash
yarn publish:packages
```

Choose the correct version based on `CHANGELOG.md` files, confirm your choices and let Lerna do its magic.

### Legacy Patch Release

To release a patch for the older major or minor version of packages, run the following command:

```bash
npm run publish:packages
```

> This is usually necessary when adding bug fixes or security patches to the earlier versions of HURUmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is usually necessary when adding bug fixes or security patches to the earlier versions of Commons-UI.
```

Author: Fixed this... Thanks @karimkawambwa
